# unreal.AudioComponent

```python
class unreal.AudioComponent(outer:Object | None=None, name:Name | str='None')
```


**Bases:** ``SceneComponent``


AudioComponent is used to play a Sound
see: https://docs.unrealengine.com/WorkingWithAudio/Overview
see: USoundBase

**C++ Source:**

- **Module**: Engine

- **File**: AudioComponent.h


**Editor Properties:** (see get\_editor\_property/set\_editor\_property)

- `absolute_location` (bool): [Read-Write] If RelativeLocation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent

- `absolute_rotation` (bool): [Read-Write] If RelativeRotation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent

- `absolute_scale` (bool): [Read-Write] If RelativeScale3D should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent

- `allow_spatialization` (bool): [Read-Write] Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component’s attenuation settings override.

- `asset_user_data` (Array[AssetUserData]): [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component

- `asset_user_data_editor_only` (Array[AssetUserData]): [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component

- `attenuation_overrides` (SoundAttenuationSettings): [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component

- `attenuation_settings` (SoundAttenuation): [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component

- `auto_activate` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.

- `auto_attach_location_rule` (AttachmentRule): [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

- `auto_attach_parent` (SceneComponent): [Read-Only] Component we automatically attach to when activated, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
If null during registration, we assign the existing AttachParent and defer attachment until we activate.
see: bAutoManageAttachment

- `auto_attach_rotation_rule` (AttachmentRule): [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

- `auto_attach_scale_rule` (AttachmentRule): [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

- `auto_attach_socket_name` (Name): [Read-Write] Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment

- `auto_manage_attachment` (bool): [Read-Write] True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.
This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).
If enabled, this AudioComponent’s WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be
detached/attached along with it.
When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.
This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don’t actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.
see: AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType

- `can_ever_affect_navigation` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation

- `can_play_multiple_instances` (bool): [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing
will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing
will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.

- `component_tags` (Array[Name]): [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.

- `concurrency_set` (Set[SoundConcurrency]): [Read-Write] What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component

- `default_parameters` (Array[AudioParameter]): [Read-Write] Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will
not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded
by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.

- `detail_mode` (DetailMode): [Read-Write] Set the required detail level of this component.
It will be deleted or made invisible if the world’s detail level is higher, based on platform and scalability settings.
For example, a detail mode of High may prevent this component from loading on mobile platforms.

- `disable_parameter_updates_while_playing` (bool): [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).

- `editable_when_inherited` (bool): [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class

- `enable_high_pass_filter` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

- `enable_low_pass_filter` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

- `envelope_follower_attack_time` (int32): [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

- `envelope_follower_release_time` (int32): [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

- `hidden_in_game` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether to hide the primitive in game, if the primitive is Visible.

- `high_pass_filter_frequency` (float): [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Highpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

- `is_editor_only` (bool): [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds

- `is_ui_sound` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI

- `low_pass_filter_frequency` (float): [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

- `mobility` (ComponentMobility): [Read-Write] How often this component is allowed to move, used to make various optimizations. Only safe to set in constructor.

- `modulation_routing` (SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings): [Read-Write]

- `occlusion_check_interval` (float): [Read-Write] The interval at which to re-test occlusion (in seconds). Values < 0.f will only check occlusion once when we start playback

- `on_audio_finished` (OnAudioFinished): [Read-Write] Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early

- `on_audio_multi_envelope_value` (OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue): [Read-Write]

- `on_audio_play_state_changed` (OnAudioPlayStateChanged): [Read-Write] This function returns the Targeted Audio Component’s current Play State.
Playing, if the sound is currently playing.
Stopped, if the sound is stopped.
Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.
Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.
Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.

- `on_audio_playback_percent` (OnAudioPlaybackPercent): [Read-Write] Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.
Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.
Not currently implemented on all platforms.

- `on_audio_single_envelope_value` (OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue): [Read-Write]

- `on_audio_virtualization_changed` (OnAudioVirtualizationChanged): [Read-Write] Called when virtualization state changes

- `on_component_activated` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature): [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset

- `on_component_deactivated` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature): [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated

- `override_attenuation` (bool): [Read-Write] Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.

- `override_priority` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.

- `override_subtitle_priority` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the sound’s subtitle priority.

- `physics_volume_changed_delegate` (PhysicsVolumeChanged): [Read-Write] Delegate that will be called when PhysicsVolume has been changed \*

- `pitch_modulation_max` (float): [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

- `pitch_modulation_min` (float): [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

- `pitch_multiplier` (float): [Read-Write] A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

- `primary_component_tick` (ActorComponentTickFunction): [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component

- `priority` (float): [Read-Write] If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.

- `relative_location` (Vector): [Read-Write] Location of the component relative to its parent

- `relative_rotation` (Rotator): [Read-Write] Rotation of the component relative to its parent

- `relative_scale3d` (Vector): [Read-Write] Non-uniform scaling of the component relative to its parent.
Note that scaling is always applied in local space (no shearing etc)

- `replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list` (bool): [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.

- `replicates` (bool): [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!

- `should_update_physics_volume` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether or not the cached PhysicsVolume this component overlaps should be updated when the component is moved.
see: GetPhysicsVolume()

- `sound` (SoundBase): [Read-Write] The sound to be played

- `sound_class_override` (SoundClass): [Read-Write] SoundClass that overrides that set on the referenced SoundBase when component is played.

- `source_effect_chain` (SoundEffectSourcePresetChain): [Read-Write] The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component

- `subtitle_priority` (float): [Read-Write] Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.

- `suppress_subtitles` (bool): [Read-Write] If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.

- `use_attach_parent_bound` (bool): [Read-Write] If true, this component uses its parents bounds when attached.
This can be a significant optimization with many components attached together.

- `visible` (bool): [Read-Write] Whether to completely draw the primitive; if false, the primitive is not drawn, does not cast a shadow.

- `volume_modulation_max` (float): [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

- `volume_modulation_min` (float): [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

- `volume_multiplier` (float): [Read-Write] A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component



---

**add_modulation_routing**( _modulators_, _destination_) → `None`

Adds the given set of Modulators to the modulators currently set on the Audio Component. This performs a logical Union, so duplicate modulators will not be added.
This function automatically sets the destination’s routing method to Union, overriding whatever was set before.
To completely overwrite existing Modulation settings, use SetModulationRouting.

Parameters:

- **modulators** ( _Set_ _\_ [_SoundModulatorBase_ _]_) – The set of modulators to add to the given destination on the component.

- **destination** ( _ModulationDestination_) – The destination to add the modulators to.



---

**adjust_attenuation**( _attenuation_settings_) → `None`

This function is used to modify the Attenuation Settings on the targeted Audio Component instance. It is worth noting that Attenuation Settings are only passed to new Active Sounds on start, so modified Attenuation data should be set before sound playback.

Parameters:

**attenuation\_settings** ( _SoundAttenuationSettings_)


---

**adjust_volume**( _adjust_volume_duration_, _adjust_volume_level_, _fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR_) → `None`

This function allows designers to trigger an adjustment to the sound instance’s playback Volume with options for smoothly applying a curve over time.

Parameters:

- **adjust\_volume\_duration** ( _float_) – The length of time in which to interpolate between the initial volume and the new volume.

- **adjust\_volume\_level** ( _float_) – The new volume to set the Audio Component to.

- **fade\_curve** ( _AudioFaderCurve_) – The curve used when interpolating between the old and new volume.



---

_property_ `allow_spatialization`: bool

[Read-Write] Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component’s attenuation settings override.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `attenuation_overrides`: SoundAttenuationSettings

[Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component

**Type:**

( SoundAttenuationSettings)


---

_property_ `attenuation_settings`: SoundAttenuation

[Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component

**Type:**

( SoundAttenuation)


---

_property_ `auto_attach_location_rule`: AttachmentRule

[Read-Write] Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

**Type:**

( AttachmentRule)


---

_property_ `auto_attach_parent`: SceneComponent

[Read-Only] Component we automatically attach to when activated, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
If null during registration, we assign the existing AttachParent and defer attachment until we activate.
see: bAutoManageAttachment

**Type:**

( SceneComponent)


---

_property_ `auto_attach_rotation_rule`: AttachmentRule

[Read-Write] Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

**Type:**

( AttachmentRule)


---

_property_ `auto_attach_scale_rule`: AttachmentRule

[Read-Write] Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

**Type:**

( AttachmentRule)


---

_property_ `auto_attach_socket_name`: Name

[Read-Write] Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment

**Type:**

( Name)


---

_property_ `auto_manage_attachment`: bool

[Read-Only] True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.
This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).
If enabled, this AudioComponent’s WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be
detached/attached along with it.
When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.
This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don’t actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.
see: AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `can_play_multiple_instances`: bool

[Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing
will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing
will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `concurrency_set`: None

[Read-Write] What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component

**Type:**

( Set\ [SoundConcurrency])


---

_property_ `default_parameters`: None

[Read-Write] Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will
not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded
by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.

**Type:**

( Array\ [AudioParameter])


---

_property_ `disable_parameter_updates_while_playing`: bool

[Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `enable_high_pass_filter`: bool

[Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `enable_low_pass_filter`: bool

[Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `envelope_follower_attack_time`: int

[Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

**Type:**

(int32)


---

_property_ `envelope_follower_release_time`: int

[Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

**Type:**

(int32)


---

**fade_in**( _fade_in_duration_, _fade_volume_level=1.000000_, _start_time=0.000000_, _fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR_) → `None`

This function allows designers to call Play on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time.
Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade, the curve shape, and the start time if seeking into the sound.

Parameters:

- **fade\_in\_duration** ( _float_) – How long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel

- **fade\_volume\_level** ( _float_) – The percentage of the AudioComponents’s calculated volume to fade to

- **start\_time** ( _float_)

- **fade\_curve** ( _AudioFaderCurve_) – The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume



---

**fade_out**( _fade_out_duration_, _fade_volume_level_, _fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR_) → `None`

This function allows designers to call a delayed Stop on an Audio Component instance while applying a
volume curve over time. Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade and the curve shape.

Parameters:

- **fade\_out\_duration** ( _float_) – how long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel

- **fade\_volume\_level** ( _float_) – the percentage of the AudioComponents’s calculated volume in which to fade to

- **fade\_curve** ( _AudioFaderCurve_) – The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume



---

**get_attenuation_settings_to_apply**() → `SoundAttenuationSettingsorNone`

Retrieves Attenuation Settings data on the targeted Audio Component. Returns FALSE if no settings were found.
Because the Attenuation Settings data structure is copied, FALSE returns will return default values.

Returns:

out\_attenuation\_settings (SoundAttenuationSettings):

Return type:

SoundAttenuationSettings or None


---

**get_cooked_envelope_data**() → `floatorNone`

Retrieves Cooked Amplitude Envelope Data at the current playback time. If there are multiple
SoundWaves playing, data is interpolated and averaged across all playing sound waves.
Returns FALSE if no data was found.

Returns:

out\_envelope\_data (float):

Return type:

float or None


---

**get_cooked_envelope_data_for_all_playing_sounds**() → `Array[SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound]orNone`

Retrieves the current-time amplitude envelope data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Envelope data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

Returns:

out\_envelope\_data (Array[SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound]):

Return type:

Array\ [SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound] or None


---

**get_cooked_fft_data**( _frequencies_to_get_) → `Array[SoundWaveSpectralData]orNone`

Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Spectral data is averaged and interpolated for all playing sounds on this audio component.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

Parameters:

**frequencies\_to\_get** ( _Array_ _\_ [_float_ _]_)

Returns:

out\_sound\_wave\_spectral\_data (Array[SoundWaveSpectralData]):

Return type:

Array\ [SoundWaveSpectralData] or None


---

**get_cooked_fft_data_for_all_playing_sounds**() → `Array[SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound]orNone`

Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Spectral data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

Returns:

out\_sound\_wave\_spectral\_data (Array[SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound]):

Return type:

Array\ [SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound] or None


---

**get_modulators**( _destination_) → `Set\ [SoundModulatorBase]`

Gets the set of currently active modulators for a given Modulation Destination.

Parameters:

**destination** ( _ModulationDestination_) – The Destination to retrieve the Modulators from.

Returns:

The set of of Modulators applied to this component for the given Destination.

Return type:

Set\ [SoundModulatorBase]


---

**get_play_state**() → `AudioComponentPlayState`

Returns the enumerated play states of the audio component.

Return type:

AudioComponentPlayState


---

**has_cooked_amplitude_envelope_data**() → `bool`

Queries whether or not the targeted Audio Component instance’s sound has Amplitude Envelope Data, returns FALSE if none found.

Return type:

bool


---

**has_cooked_fft_data**() → `bool`

Queries if the sound wave playing in this audio component has cooked FFT data, returns FALSE if none found.

Return type:

bool


---

_property_ `high_pass_filter_frequency`: float

[Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Highpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `instance_parameters`: None

‘instance\_parameters’ was renamed to ‘default\_parameters’.

**Type:**

deprecated


---

**is_playing**() → `bool`

Returns TRUE if the targeted Audio Component’s sound is playing.
Doesn’t indicate if the sound is paused or fading in/out. Use GetPlayState() to get the full play state.

Return type:

bool


---

_property_ `is_ui_sound`: bool

[Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI

**Type:**

( bool)


---

**is_virtualized**() → `bool`

Returns if the sound is virtualized.

Return type:

bool


---

_property_ `low_pass_filter_frequency`: float

[Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `modulation_routing`: SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings

[Read-Write]

**Type:**

( SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings)


---

_property_ `on_audio_finished`: OnAudioFinished

[Read-Write] Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early

**Type:**

( OnAudioFinished)


---

_property_ `on_audio_multi_envelope_value`: OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue

[Read-Write]

**Type:**

( OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue)


---

_property_ `on_audio_play_state_changed`: OnAudioPlayStateChanged

[Read-Write] This function returns the Targeted Audio Component’s current Play State.
Playing, if the sound is currently playing.
Stopped, if the sound is stopped.
Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.
Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.
Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.

**Type:**

( OnAudioPlayStateChanged)


---

_property_ `on_audio_playback_percent`: OnAudioPlaybackPercent

[Read-Write] Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.
Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.
Not currently implemented on all platforms.

**Type:**

( OnAudioPlaybackPercent)


---

_property_ `on_audio_single_envelope_value`: OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue

[Read-Write]

**Type:**

( OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue)


---

_property_ `on_audio_virtualization_changed`: OnAudioVirtualizationChanged

[Read-Write] Called when virtualization state changes

**Type:**

( OnAudioVirtualizationChanged)


---

_property_ `override_attenuation`: bool

[Read-Write] Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `override_priority`: bool

[Read-Write] Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `override_subtitle_priority`: bool

[Read-Write] Whether or not to override the sound’s subtitle priority.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `pitch_modulation_max`: float

[Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `pitch_modulation_min`: float

[Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `pitch_multiplier`: float

[Read-Write] A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `pitch_multiplier_max`: float

‘pitch\_multiplier\_max’ was renamed to ‘pitch\_modulation\_max’.

**Type:**

deprecated


---

_property_ `pitch_multiplier_min`: float

‘pitch\_multiplier\_min’ was renamed to ‘pitch\_modulation\_min’.

**Type:**

deprecated


---

**play**( _start_time=0.000000_) → `None`

Begins playing the targeted Audio Component’s sound at the designated Start Time, seeking into a sound.

Parameters:

**start\_time** ( _float_) – The offset, in seconds, to begin reading the sound at

play\_quantized( _world\_context\_object_, _clock\_handle_, _quantization\_boundary_, _delegate_, _start\_time=0.000000_, _fade\_in\_duration=0.000000_, _fade\_volume\_level=1.000000_, _fade\_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR)->(clock\_handle=QuartzClockHandle_, _quantization\_boundary=QuartzQuantizationBoundary_)

Start a sound playing on an audio component on a given quantization boundary with the handle to an existing clock

Parameters:

- **world\_context\_object** ( _Object_)

- **clock\_handle** ( _QuartzClockHandle_)

- **quantization\_boundary** ( _QuartzQuantizationBoundary_)

- **delegate** ( _OnQuartzCommandEventBP_)

- **start\_time** ( _float_)

- **fade\_in\_duration** ( _float_)

- **fade\_volume\_level** ( _float_)

- **fade\_curve** ( _AudioFaderCurve_)


Returns:

clock\_handle (QuartzClockHandle):

quantization\_boundary (QuartzQuantizationBoundary):

Return type:

tuple


---

_property_ `priority`: float

[Read-Write] If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.

**Type:**

( float)


---

**remove_modulation_routing**( _modulators_, _destination_) → `None`

Removes the given set of Modulators to the modulators currently set on the Audio Component. This performs a logical subtraction of the sets, so modulators that are not in the given set will stay.
To completely overwrite current Modulation settings, use SetModulationRouting.

Parameters:

- **modulators** ( _Set_ _\_ [_SoundModulatorBase_ _]_) – The set of modulators to remove from the given destination on the component.

- **destination** ( _ModulationDestination_) – The destination to remove the modulators from.



---

**reset_parameters**() → `None`

Resets all parameters to their original values.


---

**set_audio_bus_send_post_effect**( _audio_bus_, _audio_bus_send_level_) → `None`

Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (POST Source Effects).
if the Audio Bus Send doesn’t already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.

Parameters:

- **audio\_bus** ( _AudioBus_) – The Bus to send the signal to

- **audio\_bus\_send\_level** ( _float_) – The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal



---

**set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect**( _audio_bus_, _audio_bus_send_level_) → `None`

Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (PRE Source Effects).
if the Bus Send doesn’t already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.

Parameters:

- **audio\_bus** ( _AudioBus_) – The Bus to send the signal to

- **audio\_bus\_send\_level** ( _float_) – The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal



---

**set_bool_array_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named Boolean Array

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _Array_ _\_ [_bool_ _]_)



---

**set_bool_parameter**( _name_, _bool_) → `None`

Sets a named Boolean

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **bool** ( _bool_)



---

**set_float_array_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named Float Array

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _Array_ _\_ [_float_ _]_)



---

**set_float_parameter**( _name_, _float_) → `None`

Sets a named Float

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **float** ( _float_)



---

**set_high_pass_filter_enabled**( _high_pass_filter_enabled_) → `None`

When set to TRUE, enables an additional High Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the
sound instance’s HPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s
sound instance.

Parameters:

**high\_pass\_filter\_enabled** ( _bool_)


---

**set_high_pass_filter_frequency**( _high_pass_filter_frequency_) → `None`

Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s High Pass Filter calculation.
The highest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible HPF calculations wins.

Parameters:

**high\_pass\_filter\_frequency** ( _float_)


---

**set_int_array_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named Int32 Array

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _Array_ _[_ _int32_ _]_)



---

**set_int_parameter**( _name_, _int_) → `None`

Sets a named Int32

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **int** ( _int32_)



---

**set_low_pass_filter_enabled**( _low_pass_filter_enabled_) → `None`

When set to TRUE, enables an additional Low Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the
sound instance’s LPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s
sound instance.

Parameters:

**low\_pass\_filter\_enabled** ( _bool_)


---

**set_low_pass_filter_frequency**( _low_pass_filter_frequency_) → `None`

Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s Low Pass Filter calculation.
The lowest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible LPF calculations wins.

Parameters:

**low\_pass\_filter\_frequency** ( _float_)


---

**set_modulation_routing**( _modulators_, _destination_, _routing_method=ModulationRouting.INHERIT_) → `None`

Sets the routing for one of the given Audio component’s Modulation Destinations. This will overwrite the current settings.
To Add modulators without removing previously set ones, use AddModulators.

Parameters:

- **modulators** ( _Set_ _\_ [_SoundModulatorBase_ _]_) – The set of modulators to apply to the given destination on the component.

- **destination** ( _ModulationDestination_) – The destination to assign the modulators to.

- **routing\_method** ( _ModulationRouting_) – The routing method to use for the given modulator.



---

**set_object_array_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named UObject Array

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _Array_ _\_ [_Object_ _]_)



---

**set_object_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named UObject

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _Object_)



---

**set_output_to_bus_only**( _output_to_bus_only_) → `None`

Sets whether or not to output the audio to bus only.

Parameters:

**output\_to\_bus\_only** ( _bool_)


---

**set_parameters_blueprint**( _parameters_) → `None`

Sets an array of parameters as a batch

Parameters:

**parameters** ( _Array_ _\_ [_AudioParameter_ _]_)


---

**set_paused**( _pause_) → `None`

Pause an audio component playing its sound cue, issue any delegates if needed

Parameters:

**pause** ( _bool_)


---

**set_pitch_multiplier**( _new_pitch_multiplier_) → `None`

Set a new pitch multiplier

Parameters:

**new\_pitch\_multiplier** ( _float_)


---

**set_sound**( _new_sound_) → `None`

Set what sound is played by this component

Parameters:

**new\_sound** ( _SoundBase_)


---

**set_source_bus_send_post_effect**( _sound_source_bus_, _source_bus_send_level_) → `None`

Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied)
to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to
this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs after the Source Effect processing chain.

Parameters:

- **sound\_source\_bus** ( _SoundSourceBus_) – The Bus to send the signal to

- **source\_bus\_send\_level** ( _float_) – The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal



---

**set_source_bus_send_pre_effect**( _sound_source_bus_, _source_bus_send_level_) → `None`

Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied)
to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to
this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs before the Source Effect processing chain.

Parameters:

- **sound\_source\_bus** ( _SoundSourceBus_) – The Bus to send the signal to.

- **source\_bus\_send\_level** ( _float_) – The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.



---

**set_string_array_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named String Array

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _Array_ _\_ [_str_ _]_)



---

**set_string_parameter**( _name_, _value_) → `None`

Sets a named String

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_)

- **value** ( _str_)



---

**set_submix_send**( _submix_, _send_level_) → `None`

Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound set the send level (volume of sound copied) to the indicated Submix.

Parameters:

- **submix** ( _SoundSubmixBase_) – The Submix to send the signal to.

- **send\_level** ( _float_) – The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.



---

**set_trigger_parameter**( _name_) → `None`

Executes a named trigger. Does _not_ cache trigger value, so only executes if the sound
is already playing. If the intent is for the trigger to execute immediately (if playing)
and be called on initialization for all future instances, call ‘SetBoolParameter’ with the
intended initial trigger behavior (true if trigger desired on initialization, false if not).

Parameters:

**name** ( _Name_)


---

**set_ui_sound**( _ui_sound_) → `None`

Set whether sounds generated by this audio component should be considered UI sounds

Parameters:

**ui\_sound** ( _bool_)


---

**set_volume_multiplier**( _new_volume_multiplier_) → `None`

Set a new volume multiplier

Parameters:

**new\_volume\_multiplier** ( _float_)


---

**set_wave_parameter**( _name_, _wave_) → `None`

Sets the parameter matching the name indicated to the provided Wave. Provided for convenience/backward compatibility
with SoundCues (The parameter interface supports any object and is up to the system querying it to determine whether
it is a valid type).

Parameters:

- **name** ( _Name_) – The name of the parameter to assign the wave to.

- **wave** ( _SoundWave_) – The wave value to set.



---

_property_ `sound`: SoundBase

[Read-Write] The sound to be played

**Type:**

( SoundBase)


---

_property_ `source_effect_chain`: SoundEffectSourcePresetChain

[Read-Write] The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component

**Type:**

( SoundEffectSourcePresetChain)


---

**stop**() → `None`

Stop an audio component’s sound, issue any delegates if needed


---

**stop_delayed**( _delay_time_) → `None`

Cues request to stop sound after the provided delay (in seconds), stopping immediately if delay is zero or negative

Parameters:

**delay\_time** ( _float_)


---

_property_ `subtitle_priority`: float

[Read-Write] Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `suppress_subtitles`: bool

[Read-Write] If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.

**Type:**

( bool)


---

_property_ `volume_modulation_max`: float

[Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `volume_modulation_min`: float

[Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `volume_multiplier`: float

[Read-Write] A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

**Type:**

( float)


---

_property_ `volume_multiplier_max`: float

‘volume\_multiplier\_max’ was renamed to ‘volume\_modulation\_max’.

**Type:**

deprecated


---

_property_ `volume_multiplier_min`: float

‘volume\_multiplier\_min’ was renamed to ‘volume\_modulation\_min’.

**Type:**

deprecated

### Table of Contents

- `unreal.AudioComponent`
  - `AudioComponent`
    - `AudioComponent.add_modulation_routing()`
    - `AudioComponent.adjust_attenuation()`
    - `AudioComponent.adjust_volume()`
    - `AudioComponent.allow_spatialization`
    - `AudioComponent.attenuation_overrides`
    - `AudioComponent.attenuation_settings`
    - `AudioComponent.auto_attach_location_rule`
    - `AudioComponent.auto_attach_parent`
    - `AudioComponent.auto_attach_rotation_rule`
    - `AudioComponent.auto_attach_scale_rule`
    - `AudioComponent.auto_attach_socket_name`
    - `AudioComponent.auto_manage_attachment`
    - `AudioComponent.can_play_multiple_instances`
    - `AudioComponent.concurrency_set`
    - `AudioComponent.default_parameters`
    - `AudioComponent.disable_parameter_updates_while_playing`
    - `AudioComponent.enable_high_pass_filter`
    - `AudioComponent.enable_low_pass_filter`
    - `AudioComponent.envelope_follower_attack_time`
    - `AudioComponent.envelope_follower_release_time`
    - `AudioComponent.fade_in()`
    - `AudioComponent.fade_out()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_attenuation_settings_to_apply()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_cooked_envelope_data()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_cooked_envelope_data_for_all_playing_sounds()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_cooked_fft_data()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_cooked_fft_data_for_all_playing_sounds()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_modulators()`
    - `AudioComponent.get_play_state()`
    - `AudioComponent.has_cooked_amplitude_envelope_data()`
    - `AudioComponent.has_cooked_fft_data()`
    - `AudioComponent.high_pass_filter_frequency`
    - `AudioComponent.instance_parameters`
    - `AudioComponent.is_playing()`
    - `AudioComponent.is_ui_sound`
    - `AudioComponent.is_virtualized()`
    - `AudioComponent.low_pass_filter_frequency`
    - `AudioComponent.modulation_routing`
    - `AudioComponent.on_audio_finished`
    - `AudioComponent.on_audio_multi_envelope_value`
    - `AudioComponent.on_audio_play_state_changed`
    - `AudioComponent.on_audio_playback_percent`
    - `AudioComponent.on_audio_single_envelope_value`
    - `AudioComponent.on_audio_virtualization_changed`
    - `AudioComponent.override_attenuation`
    - `AudioComponent.override_priority`
    - `AudioComponent.override_subtitle_priority`
    - `AudioComponent.pitch_modulation_max`
    - `AudioComponent.pitch_modulation_min`
    - `AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier`
    - `AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier_max`
    - `AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier_min`
    - `AudioComponent.play()`
    - `AudioComponent.play_quantized()`
    - `AudioComponent.priority`
    - `AudioComponent.remove_modulation_routing()`
    - `AudioComponent.reset_parameters()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_audio_bus_send_post_effect()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_bool_array_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_bool_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_float_array_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_float_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_high_pass_filter_enabled()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_high_pass_filter_frequency()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_int_array_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_int_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_low_pass_filter_enabled()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_low_pass_filter_frequency()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_modulation_routing()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_object_array_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_object_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_output_to_bus_only()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_parameters_blueprint()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_paused()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_pitch_multiplier()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_sound()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_source_bus_send_post_effect()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_source_bus_send_pre_effect()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_string_array_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_string_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_submix_send()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_trigger_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_ui_sound()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_volume_multiplier()`
    - `AudioComponent.set_wave_parameter()`
    - `AudioComponent.sound`
    - `AudioComponent.source_effect_chain`
    - `AudioComponent.stop()`
    - `AudioComponent.stop_delayed()`
    - `AudioComponent.subtitle_priority`
    - `AudioComponent.suppress_subtitles`
    - `AudioComponent.volume_modulation_max`
    - `AudioComponent.volume_modulation_min`
    - `AudioComponent.volume_multiplier`
    - `AudioComponent.volume_multiplier_max`
    - `AudioComponent.volume_multiplier_min`